[Music]
here at the düsseldorf Boat Show
Sunseeker is supplementing its
award-winning Manhattan 52 models with a
new Manhattan 66 now this new Manhattan
66 is designed to replace the 65 but
it's actually steamier it's also taller
in tandem with these huge glazing
sections that means excellent views out
great light they also means two meter
Headroom throughout the main deck now
the full beam master cabin here is
equipped with its own private staircase
so that's a first for some seeker at
this size bracket and what it enables up
front is three cabins plus two heads
compartment so you can't expect the
galley down below in place of one of
those cabins in this standard for cabin
layout seems to work very well indeed
when you factor in the for deck and this
huge fly the the seating capacity on the
66 is really remarkable what's more
remarkable is the fact that with this
new manufacturing facility for the
Manhattan series this boat comes in at
1.5 million pounds and that's 100,000
pounds cheaper than the 65
[Music]
you